OK so in the last video we looked at key frames and we looked at how we could animate different properties
such as the position the with the color but we just did a two and a from.
So basically a starting point and an ending point but with key frames you can actually have more than
just those points you can you can use percentages.
So that's what I want to go over in this video.
So when we create a new full file here called 0 8 underscore key frames and say key frames to dot each
team out.
OK.
And I'm just going to close the sidebar up here and that's a key frames too and we'll put in our style
tags
and I'm just gonna have again just an I.D. of or let's do that I do an idea or a class.
And the last one I want to be a little consistent here.
So we have a class of box.
Let's do that same thing.
So box and in the style let's add box will make the background dark like we did in the last one.
So party background three three three.
So the box will give it a background color of white.
And let's set the width to 200 pixels in height to 200 pixels.
I should probably spell background correctly.
And we're also going to position this relative because we're gonna be dealing with positional properties.
So it's a position relative.
And let's save this and open this up with live server case we have our box.
Now I'm going to add an animation here with a key frame and I'm just going to add I'm just going to
use the animation property instead of using all the separate properties and we'll say animates one let's
say we'll have the span will be a five second span forward so that it stays where it's at when it ends
and lets to ease we'll do ease in and out.
All right.
So just like in the last video we're going to create a key frames and let's call it enemy 1.
And before what we did is we did two and from but in this case I want to use percentages so basically
zero percent of the starting point.
We already have set here.
In fact I'm going to set the position that I want which is top 0 left 0
left 0 and then I'm going to say well at 25 percent I want it to be top zero.
So I still want it to be at the top but I want it to be left.
Let's say three hundred pixels.
Now what I want this to do ultimately is I want it to go from here over down back over and up.
So a complete circle complete you know 360 360 degrees.
So let's go ahead and save this and see what happens.
So it gets pushed over and it's going to end in the same spot over a period of five seconds.
Okay.
Now obviously we want we want to add onto this we want to go down after.
So let's go right under this and say it 50 percent of the base basically like the timeline we want it
to be top three hundred pixels because we want it to move down and we still want left to be 300 pixels.
So let's try that.
We'll save.
Goes over goes down and it's going to end up in the in the starting position.
All right.
So next thing we want to do is add 75 percent and it doesn't have to be 25 50 75.
You can use any point in the timeline that you want.
So here I want it to be from the left.
Let's do top four so top I still want to be 300 pixels but the left I want it to be zero because I wanted
to go back over.
So let's save goes over down back over and up.
OK.
Now I would just want to make sure that at 100 percent which is basically the ending point I want it's
to be back in its original place which is top 0 left 0.
All right.
So now our square just does a complete square.
Now obviously we can change other properties if we want.
So let's say at every point we want to change the color.
So let's do it here.
Background red.
And then at 50 percent we'll say background green.
Let's do background blue.
And then at the ending point let's do background white.
OK we'll save that.
And you can see it changes to red to green to blue and to white.
Now let's do something else.
We can also animate the border radius.
Let's do border radius.
I don't know if I showed this to you guys but you can have more than one value and it pertains to each
corner.
So let's say we want the left call on top left to be 50 percent so basically rounded and then the other
one zero.
So I save that.
Notice that it turns into 50 percent when it goes to 25 percent.
OK this this corner here.
Now I'm going to copy this and then right here let's say we want both both the top corners to be rounded
so 50 percent and then we'll go down here and then we want the top.
So 50 percent and then also the bottom right.
I believe this is will be 50 percent.
And then by the end it should be a complete circle so we'll just say border radius 50 percent like that.
Meaning all corners.
So with each iteration each corner changes and by the end it's a circle.
So I mean obviously this animation is is it's not very practical it's not something you would actually
put in in a project but it gives you the the tools that you need to be able to create some cool stuff.
So you should be able to come up with some nice ideas as far as animation goes.
It's not really my specialty but you know if you're if you're creative in that area you can do some
really really awesome things with CSF animation.
So in the next video we're going to continue on with with animations and we're going to look at transitions.